For Clarity.

While I/We will never willingly produce destructive code to release or put out into the universe, we do believe in sharing usefule tools and content that will improve the end-user work and education process.
With that said the following is still incredibly important to be known before attempting to use our scripts in any way not defined in their description, any confusions or lack of understanding related to our 
scripts and their purpose or use can cause issues within your system. 

This file is part of GumZMumZ The Jester 2.0 

For any questions or concerns plese be sure to visit our discord community

https://discord.gg/ufuYm4bbge

or get in touch with us on our website https://cmogaming.com

#Warning and Disclaimer

The bat files provided herein are powerful scripts designed for specific purposes. Their execution without a comprehensive understanding of their intended use, capabilities, 
and potential consequences can result in severe damage to your system. 
These scripts interact with critical system functions and can modify, delete, or access files and settings. Their application demands a deep understanding of command line operations 
and the specific contexts for which they were crafted.

By using these bat files, you assume full responsibility for any actions taken by them on your system. 

The author holds no liability for any damage, loss of data, or system instability resulting from the misuse, as is the file will do no damage operated on your system, and as is you should understand the 
purpose or use of this script before you willingly proceed to modify and use it, mis-configuration of this file or any files that may be included in any of the author's repositiories could lead to issues.

It is imperative to exercise caution and perform due diligence before executing these files. Prior knowledge of batch scripting, 
computer programming, and system administration is highly recommended.

Under no circumstances should these bat files be executed on critical systems or without a backup of essential data. 

The user acknowledges the potential risks and dangers associated with using any .bat scripts, and furthermore agrees to use them at their own discretion and risk.

To use this particular .bat file named >>>  PNG - FILE DELETER.bat <<<< you will...

1. Change the name "ZELADORDEV" on line 4 to reflect your mapname folder IE:

set "folderPath=P:\YOURMAP-PROJECT-FOLDER\data\layers"

The purpose of this script is to delete ONLY your PNG files from the defined directory.
ONLY ONCE YOU have generated your layers in terrain builder Mapframes configruation tools. 
This script can be used before packing your map into a pbo, to minimize the size of the data.pbo and upload to steam workshop!

Once you have changed the name in the path, save the file

From there, you can double click the .bat file in your folder, and follow the prompts.

You can store this file in your mapname\sources directory safely. 